Kobayashi
But my aunt will be gone from now on
Just wait.
Did you find me?
Well, I will definitely find Mengmeng
I want to reunite Auntie Zhang and Mengmeng
Madam, you are seriously injured
I'll take you to the hospital
No, he'll hit me if he knows I'm here
Hey ma'am
Don't give it away. A woman died at our door last night
I don't know how to die
scarred
Whoops what are you wearing
Where was this figure sent?
It seems to be wearing a cotton-padded coat.
Covered in blood
Oops, that's miserable. That's miserable.
It was already carried away and sent to the morgue
Let's go, let's take a look
Go go go see
If only I had taken him to the hospital yesterday
He brought me back the clinic
I
Didn't save him
Right? They said the dead person was Aunt Zhang?
No, Auntie Jiang went to a better women's seat.
That's good. I promised Aunt Jiang that I would help him find Mengmeng.
The two of them are going to be reunited together
Then I believe you.
The past is in the past
A while ago, I heard that Wang Zhengguo saw my daughter Mengmeng again.
Has a wife seen him too?